Fixed development environment setup commands (#3142)
plone/volto: README.md

It will bootstrap a Volto project in a folder of your choice with all the required
boilerplate to start customizing your Volto site.

```shell
npm install -g yo @plone/generator-volto
yo @plone/volto
```

> in case npm install commands throws an error, which would be most likely due to a permissions issue in your home directory, you will need to reclaim ownership of the .npm directory.

Reviewer: Please insert a blank line above this sentence.

Also here is a suggestion to take advantage of inline literals and clever way to represent admonitions using plain old Markdown syntax. (h/t https://stackoverflow.com/a/64254203/2214933)

```suggestion
> 💡 **HINT** In case the `npm install` command throws an error, which would be most likely due to a permissions issue in your home directory, you will need to reclaim ownership of the `.npm` directory.
```

Unfortunately the `README.md` does not support MyST syntax because it is a stand alone Markdown document, living separately from the documentation. If it did support MyST syntax, I would use a [`hint` admonition](https://sphinx-themes.org/sample-sites/sphinx-book-theme/kitchen-sink/admonitions/#hint).

> You can do so by executing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can do so by executing the following command.
```

```shell
sudo chown -R $(whoami) ~/.npm
```

> follow the prompts questions, provide `myvoltoproject` as project name then, when it finishes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the prompt's questions, providing `myvoltoproject` as the project name.
When it finishes, change your working directory:
```

It will bootstrap a Volto project in a folder of your choice with all the required
boilerplate to start customizing your Volto site.

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

Reviewer: For readability by editors, I would also suggest a blank line before and after the triple backticks for each code block.

Reviewer: BTW, I agree that `$` should be removed from code blocks. Nowadays the tooling works better without the shell prompt. It also differs across various shells.

> sudo npm install -g yo @plone/generator-volto

Reviewer: `sudo` should not be required to install global dependencies. See https://stackoverflow.com/a/20264272/2214933 and https://medium.com/@ExplosionPills/dont-use-sudo-with-npm-5711d2726aa3. If you must use it, then something is not right with your system configuration. Nonetheless, we need to document what that something is. I don't know what that is at this moment.

Author: @stevepiercy Thank you for taking the time to review this PR; I've made some modifications now and would appreciate it if you could have a look at it.

yo @plone/volto
```
follow the prompts questions, provide `myvoltoproject` as project name then, when it finishes:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

Reviewer 2: All this pain can be avoided by the use of NVM, which installs a "local" personalized copy of the nodejs environment. This is documented in the [Volto Docs](https://docs.voltocms.com/getting-started/install/#install-nvm-nodejs-version-manager). Maybe this readme should just point to the docs.

Reviewer: @tiberiuichim great minds think alike. https://github.com/plone/volto/pull/3131#issuecomment-1063315610

Author: This sounds to be a good suggestion, should I go on deleting all of these lines and just adding the link to the docs to it?

Reviewer: I defer to the maintainers to make that call.

It will bootstrap a Volto project in a folder of your choice with all the required
boilerplate to start customizing your Volto site.

> For trouble shooting and detailed installation instructions, see the [documentation](https://docs.voltocms.com/getting-started/install/#install-nvm-nodejs-version-manager).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed installation instructions and troubleshooting tips, see the [documentation](https://docs.voltocms.com/getting-started/install/#install-nvm-nodejs-version-manager).
```
